[Serializer] Remove BC layer (#50736)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-7.0.md

 * Remove denormalization support for `AbstractUid` in `UidNormalizer`, use one of `AbstractUid` child class instead
 * Denormalizing to an abstract class in `UidNormalizer` now throws an `\Error`
 * Remove `ContextAwareDenormalizerInterface`, use `DenormalizerInterface` instead
 * Remove `ContextAwareNormalizerInterface`, use `NormalizerInterface` instead
 * Remove `CacheableSupportsMethodInterface`, use `NormalizerInterface` and `DenormalizerInterface` instead

>  * First argument of `Symfony\Component\Validator\Mapping\ClassMetadata::setSerializedName()` is now required
>  * Third argument `array $context = []` of the `Symfony\Component\Serializer\Normalizer\NormalizerInterface::supportsNormalization()` is now required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * First argument of `ClassMetadata::setSerializedName()` is now required
 * Third argument `array $context = []` of the `NormalizerInterface::supportsNormalization()` is now required
```

>  * Forth argument `array $context = []` of the `Symfony\Component\Serializer\Normalizer\DenormalizerInterface::supportsDenormalization()` is now required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Fourth argument `array $context = []` of the `DenormalizerInterface::supportsDenormalization()` is now required
```
